there one looks as if the form
should stop
had warned on pretty close
Water is almost too close to the water
he suspects it at night
darken by the water are the standing
either loving couples or denser that
is one of the big gray numbers
I did not feel like it anymore
who are you with your face under the
lamp you probably thought I would be like that
a young romantic thing with
pale green you still live what you want
because from me I bring it back
if the responsibility
Beckmann this is my husband brings power
my husband has been since stalin is he
missing
stalingrad that many are left
I have to want to put on my serious Reuter
her jokes that you do not have so
that completely forgot the fourteenth
february at korosec
but finally where my parents are
chapel 5 then finally sleep again
Who actually called you that?
dear god the people or you
even if I believe because they are one
Comedian , I'm quite Christian
really delicious
I do not know any one who is a god
which also committed a murder and you
I still do not commit murder
you murdered me